it's a full 18 by 36 got a little
fiberglass fun ledge here then on this
side down here on the shallow end where
you do have the walking step come out
and then just want to continue with
slope all the way down to privacy fence
around this pool here we put in
Dex get in the concrete and you can see
they do they come right out
you got a stream of water here
coming right up out of the concrete
little jet shoots up and falls into the
pool got four of them one on each corner
here out set up there just a little
water Pete may want to hear the sound of
water in the pool I'm sure you get here
again with 18 by 36 the size of this
pool
cut the in wall ladder it's a grab rail
here in the wall the actual ladder built
into the pool oh really nice little
little job turned out really well